Unencrypted dataset for OpenEBS (#741)
truecharts/website: src/content/docs/deprecated/SCALE/index.mdx

        ![system List](./guides/img/Dragonfish-Storage5b.png)

> 4.  Create a dedicated, unencrypted empty dataset on the apps pool you [created above](https://www.truenas.com/docs/scale/scaleuireference/apps/#choose-a-pool-for-apps-dialog), outside of ix-applications. OpenEBS will create unencrypted datasets for PVC app storage in that dataset, using an ecrypted dataset for OpenEBS is discouraged and pointless. Please ensure you've chosen the dataset that's **not** inside `ix-applications`. An example "apps" **pool** layout could look like [this](/deprecated/scale/migrations/cobia-dragonfish/#post-migration-steps) where you have a top-level "apps" dataset with "ix-applications" (non-PVC app data) and "pvcApps" (OpenEBS PVC app storage) nested under.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Create a dedicated, unencrypted and empty dataset on the apps pool you [created above](https://www.truenas.com/docs/scale/scaleuireference/apps/#choose-a-pool-for-apps-dialog), outside of ix-applications. OpenEBS will create unencrypted datasets for PVC app storage in that dataset, using an encrypted dataset for OpenEBS is thus discouraged and pointless. Please ensure you've chosen the dataset that's **not** inside `ix-applications`. An example "apps" **pool** layout could look like [this](/deprecated/scale/migrations/cobia-dragonfish/#post-migration-steps) where you have a top-level "apps" dataset with "ix-applications" (non-PVC app data) and "pvcApps" (OpenEBS PVC app storage) nested under.
```

Author: Heh, I had "thus" in there and thought it was too heavy 😅 Thanks for catching the typo and merging.
